# Unsplash

[Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) API wrapper in Elixir.


## Exmaple Usage

* `Unsplash.photos(:search, query: "Austin", catgeroy: "2") |> Enum.take(1)`
* `Unsplash.categories |> Enum.take(1)`
* And more. All [API endpoints](https://unsplash.com/documentation) are supported. See [documentation](http://hexdocs.pm/unsplash/Unsplash.html) for full list.

Each API call that is paginated returns a stream. You can resolve the stream by calling any Enum function, this way you don't have to think about pagination. For example to get one random photo: `Unsplash.photos(:random) |> Enum.take(1)` or to get 100 random photos `Unsplash.photos(:random) |> Enum.take(100)`.


## Authorization

Get Auth code by directing user to the url generated by this command (replace the scope with what you would like):
`Unsplash.OAuth.authorize_url! scope: "public read_user write_user read_photos write_photos"`

After the user grants access, she will be redirected back to your redirect_uri whith a `code` query paramater, which you then set like this:
`Unsplash.OAuth.authorize!(code: auth_code_from_the_callback)`

Now every API call will use the access_code gerenated in the above step automatically.


## Installation

  1. Add unsplash to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

        def deps do
          [{:unsplash, "~> 0.0.1"}]
        end

  2. Ensure unsplash is started before your application:

        def application do
          [applications: [:unsplash]]
        end


## Todo

* Complete test coverage
* Handle errors
